README.md, before:

## tech-lingo

An Espanso package with terms commonly used in the tech sector. WIP.

## Installation

Installation as an external package.
> Will add to Espanso Hub at some point

```
espanso install tech-lingo --git https://github.com/bladeacer/tech-lingo --external
```

## FAQ

### Where are all the text snippet triggers documented?
In the [schema](./schema.md) file.

### Why underscore as the trigger prefix?
`_` conflicts less than `:` or `/` especially in editors like Vim.

### Why are there multiple letter casings for the same snippet?

E.g. `_vim` returns
```sh
Vim (Vi IMproved)
```

`_Vim` returns
```sh
Vim (Vi IMproved), a command-line text editor,
provides several modes for different kinds of text manipulation.
```

`_VIM` returns
```sh
Vim (Vi IMproved), a command-line text editor,
provides several modes for different kinds of text manipulation.

More information: https://www.vim.org.
```

In short, casing is a way to indicate output verbosity.

There are some commands like `_Pwd` and `_PWD` with the same verbosity.

### Specifying a preferred source

For example, you can specify if you prefer the output to use Wikipedia's
(`_wk` prefix) or tldr-pages' (`_tl` prefix) description.

```sh
_wk-vim

_tl-vim
```

CLI programmes generally default to `tldr-pages` when no prefix is passed,
other terminology generally uses Wikipedia as its source by default.
The casing for verbosity still works the same here.

E.g. `_wk-vim` and `_wk-Vim` and `_wk-VIM`

For some descriptions not available on Wikipedia or tldr pages,
either the other source.

This means if tldr pages has description of `cli-x` while Wikipedia does not,
the tldr pages description will still show when you run `_wk-cli-x`

### Where is the source attribution?
By default, running the least verbose version of the snippet would not include attribution.

E.g. run `_Vim` instead of its lowercase counterpart.

## Credits
Descriptions and definitions were taken from:
- [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/)
- [tldr pages](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr)

We thank the contributors of these projects for their excellent work.

---

## License
This Espanso package, "tech-lingo", is a collection of code and content under
different licenses.

### For the Espanso Package Code and Original Rules
The configuration files and original Espanso rules in this package are licensed
under the **GNU General Public License version 3 (GPLv3)**. You can find the
full license text in the [LICENSE.GPL](LICENSE.GPL) file.

### For All Sourced Content
The descriptions and definitions from **Wikipedia** and **tldr pages** are
licensed under the **Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License (CC BY-SA 4.0)**. You can find the full license text in the
[LICENSE.CC-BY-SA](LICENSE.CC-BY-SA) file.

---

### License Notices
You should have received a copy of the licenses along with this project.
If not, you can find them in the repository's root directory.

Commit message:

URL and shorthand expansion prefixes

README.md, after:

## tech-lingo

An Espanso package with terms commonly used in the tech sector. WIP.

## Installation

Installation as an external package.
> Will add to Espanso Hub at some point

```
espanso install tech-lingo --git https://github.com/bladeacer/tech-lingo --external
```

## FAQ

### Where are all the text snippet triggers documented?
In the [schema](./schema.md) file. 

> For development, one can just run the create_schema.py script.
>
> It spawns a file system poller and lets you live preview changes to the schema
> whenever you update a `.yml` file

### Why underscore as the trigger prefix?
`_` conflicts less than `:` or `/` especially in editors like Vim.

### Why are there multiple letter casings for the same snippet?

E.g. `_vim` returns
```sh
Vim (Vi IMproved)
```

`_Vim` returns
```sh
Vim (Vi IMproved), a command-line text editor,
provides several modes for different kinds of text manipulation.
```

`_VIM` returns
```sh
Vim (Vi IMproved), a command-line text editor,
provides several modes for different kinds of text manipulation.

More information: https://www.vim.org.
```

In short, casing is a way to indicate output verbosity.

There are some commands like `_Pwd` and `_PWD` with the same verbosity.

### Specifying a preferred source

For example, you can specify if you prefer the output to use Wikipedia's
(`_wk` prefix) or tldr-pages' (`_tl` prefix) description.

```sh
_wk-vim

_tl-vim
```

CLI programmes generally default to `tldr-pages` when no prefix is passed,
other terminology generally uses Wikipedia as its source by default.
The casing for verbosity still works the same here.

E.g. `_wk-vim` and `_wk-Vim` and `_wk-VIM`

For some descriptions not available on Wikipedia or tldr pages,
either the other source.

This means if tldr pages has description of `cli-x` while Wikipedia does not,
the tldr pages description will still show when you run `_wk-cli-x`

### Shorthands and URLs
You can make use of the `__` prefix for strict shorthand expansion and the `_u-`
prefix for URL expansion.

E.g. `__vim` > Vim (Vi IMproved)
E.g. `_u-vim` > https://www.vim.org/

### Where is the source attribution?
By default, running the least verbose version of the snippet would not include attribution.

E.g. run `_Vim` instead of its lowercase counterpart.

## Credits
Descriptions and definitions were taken from:
- [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/)
- [tldr pages](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr)

We thank the contributors of these projects for their excellent work.

---

## License
This Espanso package, "tech-lingo", is a collection of code and content under
different licenses.

### For the Espanso Package Code and Original Rules
The configuration files and original Espanso rules in this package are licensed
under the **GNU General Public License version 3 (GPLv3)**. You can find the
full license text in the [LICENSE.GPL](LICENSE.GPL) file.

### For All Sourced Content
The descriptions and definitions from **Wikipedia** and **tldr pages** are
licensed under the **Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License (CC BY-SA 4.0)**. You can find the full license text in the
[LICENSE.CC-BY-SA](LICENSE.CC-BY-SA) file.

---

### License Notices
You should have received a copy of the licenses along with this project.
If not, you can find them in the repository's root directory.
